Presets (#1841)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/presets-section.md

# _presets_ section

> The **presets** section contains a list of objects that define which preset and template are used in the form view. If you specify a preset, it is displayed in the dropdown list along with the **Clear** option. If a user selects a preset, the form is filled with the property defined in the **value** property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **presets** section contains a list of objects that define which preset and template are used in the form view. If you specify a preset, it is displayed in the dropdown list along with the **Clear** option. When you select a preset, the form is filled with the values defined in the **value** property.
```
